Yeah.
And I don't want to not be who I am because if I,
I wouldn't want to do the,
this success,
would it mean anything to me if I got there by not being me.
You gotta live with that and that's worse than not succeeding to me.
You know?
I don't know about other people.
A lot of people just fake it.
Right.
And they're not who they are and they're okay with that.
If it comes with success,
in order for me to shift to,
I am inherently my fiber of my being,
the way I was raised to treat people.
If I had to shift that and have success,
the success wouldn't be success to me.
It won't be on paper,
but not business.
It's just so strange.
Right.
And I don't know how you feel about mumble rap,
but mumble rap is one of the weirdest things to me.
I'm confused.
It's bizarre.
It's bizarre what is happening.
I just,
I feel like,
I feel like I don't want to be that dude who doesn't get it.
Right.
You know what I mean?
You don't get it.
I don't,
I don't get it either.
I don't.
But when you start dealing with youth culture and when I was the age of these
mumble rap kids,
there were older heads saying,
yeah,
you know the generation before us,
the,
the cold crush brothers to the big daddy Kane.
So they probably thought what we were doing was crazy.
Is that what's happening?
I don't know.
Maybe everyone's like,
what the fuck is that?
It's like I,
Eh,
it's to the point with me where I'm like,
Yo,
is that even a genre of rap?
Right?
Like I almost look at it,
I guess I don't,
I guess I don't have a problem with it because I don't process it.
Is anything close to what I do.
Right.
It's almost like if you said,
Yo,
what do you think about Edm?
I'd be like,
oh,
I don't know.
I guess it's all right.
It's right.
Right.
I don't even look at it like I,
I can't listen to that and then let him hear a big daddy Kane and think it's the
same thing when we were kids listening to music.
Right.
If were you were listening to something that you enjoyed,
one of the things you loved was like good lyrics of course.
And when you can't understand what they're saying.
Yeah.
It's also,
it's just so driven by,
if it's like phrase driven,
they just say whatever the line over and over and over again.
Yeah.
I don't know if like it's just because these kids are doing Molly or whatever
and they're just in a zone.
Is it drug culture?
Cause that's happened before too.
So you know,
one thing creates the other,
it's like chicken or the egg.
Are these kids doing Molly and make mumble rap or they don't mumble rapping,
eat and Molly and it's all,
it's,
you know,
the sixties you know,
going back to the fifties and beatniks and not scene and jazz and heroin and w w
what created it,
you know what I mean?
Did Miles and Coltrane make some of those records because they were on heroin or
vice versa and it's happened historically.
Is this just the drug driven culture?
I don't know,
cause I,
it's,
I'm detached.
You know,
I'm detaching that and I,
and you know,
I'm a,
I'm a kid who grew up listening to metal and stuff like that.
So I don't,
I'm not at a shortage for listen to slayer.
I'll just listen to slayer before I listened to that.
If that's my only option,
then I'll listen to slayer.
You know what I mean?
I listen to black flag,
I listen to minor threat.
That's what I'll do.
You know it.
So there,
whether I,
however I feel about it becomes irrelevant when you realize that you have so
much good shit out there.
So I don't need,
it's like with film,
like I'm not worried about a bad movie.
I'll just watch the dope movie.
There's so many movies throwing them away.
Right.
And it's when you like,
Yo,
I'll just listen to thin Lizzy,
right.
If I,
if I don't feel like adjusting to that,
you know what I mean?
And,
and there's other things that we might not get because we're not doing what we
used to do.
Maybe if we were out of the Bar,
the club five nights a week and you weren't married with kids and we were
hammered.
Maybe it sounds different,
Eh,
you know it's time and place shit.
It's like you hear certain songs and you're like,
I'm not listening to my car.
I'm rolling the windows up.
If someone sees this,
but maybe it affects them differently in a live environment.
It's something,
I dunno,
I'm playing devil's advocate.
I just,
just to,
it's just a strange trend where it's a lot of mumbling.
I'm like,
what is,
I don't know what they're on about cough syrup.
Yeah.
I think this is the lean and Molly.
I just,
and I think that that,
that drug culture created that I think a friend of mine who's a real estate
agent,
some mumble rapper was working on the house and she's like,
I literally had no idea what the fuck he was saying.
He's talking to him and him talking as a human when he mama,
who is any man,
why you just see,
I didn't know that.
I thought it was like that style on when they run,
but maybe it's just this one,
which she was showing him this dope house and he's mumbling up a storm.
Wow.
So he's like asking her for the Jacuzzi and she thinks she's ordering a pizza.
I don't know.
I mean I,
you know,
I love listening to Nas and I love listening to public enemy clean lyrics and
had had a hit to them.
Do Their Karras one.
Yeah.
Big Daddy Kane.
Yeah,
of course.
That's,
that's,
that's a sign of the police.
Yeah.
There was,
there was something to it though that you knew that they were trying to get a
message across along with the music and it was something cool about it.
Yeah.
I think,
I think maybe these kids think you can't do both and our era was different.
It's like people could dance to public enemy and they were talking about what
was going on in an urban community that that era you could,
there were,
there were boogie down production,
krs records,
you could dance the sound of the police.
You danced the Outta here.
You could dance to it.
I think there was a,
there's a disconnect with these kids that they don't think you can say something
and I have people dance or whatever.
I don't know what these fucking Momma motherfucker.
Then they might just slobber in the corner.
It's just,
well,
they all have to have tattoos on their face.
Yeah.
That's another hard programs.
Like another mockery.
The tattoo settled down,
man,
you know,
they don't come off right.
It's like,
I think these kids think they can come off.
I don't think they care.
I just don't think they care.
I don't think that thinking,
I mean,
it's all this,
I don't give a fuck culture.
Yeah.
It's like you just,
and,
and like,
they're not trying to get cool shit on their face that trying to get like
scribbles.
Yeah.
No,
it looks like,
you know,
the,
you draw on the face of the drunk hated the party.
That's where they all look like.
They all look like that with pink dreads.
There's a lot of rap music that slipped through the cracks too.
Like a lot of people forget about gangstarr.
Yeah.
And one of the greatest groups ever.